[PLT-2099] [Upgrade] Problemas actualización Add-On CoreDNS en actualización de EKS (#777)
Stratio/kind: stratio-docs/en/modules/operations-manual/pages/operations-manual.adoc

. Ensure that deployments have more than one replica if the PDB requires at least one available.

> . Before updating the cluster, review this configuration to prevent blockages.
> . If the resource has only one replica, you can temporarily remove the PDB to allow the update.
> 
> [to be translated]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Before upgrading the cluster, check the PDBs to avoid potential blocking issues.
. If a resource has only one replica, you can temporarily delete the PDB to allow the upgrade.

In EKS, for example, it is recommended to check if the `coredns` PDB exists in the `kube-system` namespace and delete it before upgrading the cluster:

[source,bash]
----
kubectl -n kube-system get poddisruptionbudget coredns
kubectl -n kube-system delete poddisruptionbudget coredns
----

```
